# hyperskill-rock-paper-scissors
### My Rock-Paper-Scissors project as part of the Hyperskill Jetbrains Academy Python Developer course.

**Project Number:** #7

**About:** A playable Rock-Paper-Scissors game where the user plays against a computer. First, the user is prompted to enter their name, and then the program checks whether there is a record for the user with the same name in a rating.txt file; if yes, then the program uses their score as a starting point for calculating the score in the current game. The user can find out their score by typing '!rating'. The program also allows playing a more advanced version of the game, for example, Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock. The user just needs to enter the options of the game separated by commas, and then the program determines the rules of the game (which option loses against which ones). The program always checks whether the user's input is correct. The game is playable indefinitely unless the user enters '!exit'.

**Learning Outcomes:** Along with doing the project itself and finding solutions to numerous problems, I was learning more about Python syntax and became more confident in working with functions, loops, conditions, user input, and built-in string methods. I gained knowledge of working with files in Python, and utilizing additional arguments of the print method. Furthermore, I learnt to use dictionaries and one of the most famous features of Python - slicing! This project also allowed me to use my skills of computational thinking, planning and developing a more complex program from scratch and slowly adding more functionality.
